TABLE OF CONTENTS
	The Story Continues             ...     1
	Using the DOOM II Menu          ...     2
	On-Screen Information           ...     4
	Controlling The Action          ...     5
	Firepower and How to Use It     ...     7
	Commands and Shortcuts          ...     8
	Dangerous DOOM II Environment   ...     9
	Health and Armor                ...     10
	Power-Ups                       ...     11
	Artifacts                       ...     12
	The Enemy                       ...     13
	
	See Addendum for installation instructions

PLEASE DON'T MAKE ILLEGAL COPIES

The program you've purchased was produced through the efforts of 
many people. Don't make copies for others who have not paid for 
the right to use DOOM II. To report copyright violations to the 
Software Publishers Association, call 1-800-388-PIR8 or write:

Software Publishers Association
Suite 901
1101 Connecticut Avenue NW
Washington, DC 20036

This program is protected by federal and international copyright.
IMPORTANT NOTE TO MULTIPLAYER MODE USERS

When you are playing with friends, certain rules for playing DOOM 
II change significantly. Full details on this are included on the 
separate Multiplayer Addendum found in your game box.
IF YOU REQUIRE TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE

If you are having problems running DOOM II, please refer to the 
Troubleshooting Addendum. If you require further assistance call 
GT Interactive Software's Technical Support at: (970) 522-1797.

THE STORY CONTINUES - DOOM II: Hell on Earth

Back at last.  After days of hard fighting in space, you've returned 
home on well-earned leave. You're one of Earth's crack soldiers, 
hard-bitten, tough, and heavily-armed. When the alien invasion 
struck Mars, you were the first on the scene. By killing, killing, and 
killing, you won. You stopped the invasion, saved Mars base, and 
became a war hero. What they don't talk about so much is that you 
were the only survivor.
	But that's all behind you now. You've quit the military, and 
are heading home. Your drop pod lands with a crunch. You open 
`er up, and look out. Damn! The city ahead is on fire. What the 
devil is going on? You stagger forward, clutching at your sidearm. 
Packs of refugees are fleeing the flaming metropolis. A band of 
them shriek in terror. You squint. What's that? Someone is 
attacking the refugees. You rush up and blast away, killing the 
troublemaker. It looks like a human, but something's wrong. His 
mouth is filled with half-chewed flesh, and he's all messed up, like 
a zombie from a bad horror movie. Hell, not again! 
	You can feel it. It's all starting again, just like on Mars. First, 
people are taken over, turned into cannibal Things. Then the real 
horror starts, the deformed monstrosities from Outside. But now it's 
on Earth
	It turns out that the invaders are all over. Monsters range 
from Tokyo to Timbuktu, from Stockholm to Scranton. Billions are 
dead.  Some people have been transformed into flesh-eating 
mutants, but a few, a very few, are still alive and fully human. The 
wise men of humanity have evolved a plan to save what's left of the 
human race. They have built enormous ships to carry the 
remaining people into space, safely away from the ruined world. 
	Unfortunately, Earth's only ground spaceport has just been 
taken over by the demons. They've instituted a sort of force field  -  
a flame barrier  -  over the port; no ships can land or take off. You 
gotta go back into action. The pathetic remnants of Earth's soldiers 
are making an assault on the invaders at the spaceport. If you win, 
you might be able to turn off the barrier, so that the ships can 
leave, and Homo sapiens may not go extinct just yet. If you lose, 
that's it. Humanity is history.
	You and your comrades make their attack. Soon, brave men 
drop like flies. You lose track of your friends, though sometimes 
you can hear them scream when they die, and the sounds of 
combat echo from deep within the starbase. 
	Something hisses with rage from the steel tunnels ahead. 
They know you're here. They have no pity, no mercy, take no 
quarter, and crave none. They're the perfect enemy, in a way. No 
one's left but you. You - and Them.

OBJECT OF THE GAME

Welcome to DOOM II, a lightning-fast virtual reality adventure 
where you are the toughest space trooper ever to suck vacuum. 
Your mission is to fight your way though the demon-infested earth 
in the hopes of saving the Earth from an eternity in Hell.
	The gameplay for DOOM II is simple. This isn't a 
cumbersome adventure game, but an action-oriented slugathon. To 
survive all you need is brains and a killer instinct. 


USING THE DOOM II MENU

When you run DOOM II a self-running demo will begin. To get to 
the menu press the Spacebar. Use the arrow keys, mouse, or 
joystick to move the skull cursor up and down. When the skull is 
adjacent to a desired selection, press the Enter key, left mouse 
button, or joystick Fire button to activate that selection.

If you're in a game, you can bring up the menu at any time by 
pressing the Escape key. Many of the Menu options can be 
activated directly by using a function key, thus bypassing the 
menus entirely. To exit the menu, press the Escape key or to return 
to the previous menu from a submenu press the Backspace key.
NEW GAME
If you want to jump into the action, select this. DOOM II will ask you 
to set the difficulty level. Each difficulty level differs in the 
toughness of the enemies you'll face. Beware the Nightmare level 
of difficulty. It is definitely not suitable for inexperienced game 
players.

LOADING AND SAVING YOUR GAME (F2 AND F3)
Games can be saved or loaded at any time during the gameplay. 
To save a game, move the skull cursor to any empty slot (or one 
you don't mind writing over), and press the Enter key. This option 
is only available if you are currently in a game. To load a game, 
simply select the appropriate game from the Load Game menu.

QUICKSAVE: Pressing the function key F6 allows you to Save a 
game without leaving the action. The first time QUICKSAVE is 
used in a given game, the standard Save menu appears. Select a 
slot. From then on, pressing F6 automatically saves the game to 
that slot without interrupting the fun of smackin' baddies around. 
Pressing F9 loads in the last QUICKSAVE game after prompting 
you. 

QUIT GAME (F10)
Quit Game enables you to quit from DOOM II and return to DOS.

END GAME (F7)
This allows you to end the current game without exiting to DOS or 
loading a new game.

MESSAGES (F8)
In DOOM II, whenever you pick up an item, you'll receive 
information about the thing you just picked up. This option lets you 
toggle DOOM II's messages on and off.

GRAPHIC DETAIL (F5)
The default setting for the screen detail is HIGH. If you have a 
slower computer or video card, and the action is too jerky, you may 
wish to select LOW to make the game action smoother.

SCREEN SIZE (+ and -)
Just below this option is a bar with a sliding marker. When this 
option is selected, you can use the arrow keys to slide the marker 
back and forth to adjust the viewing area. A smaller viewing area 
increases the smoothness of the animation on slower systems.

SOUND VOLUME (F4)
This selection also has a bar with a sliding marker, allowing 
adjustment of the volume from "off" to "maximum." These bars 
modify the music as well as the sound effects volume.

MOUSE SENSITIVITY
This selection lets you adjust the sensitivity of your mouse control. 
Just below this option is a bar with a sliding marker. When this 
option is selected, you can use the arrow keys to slide the marker 
back and forth to adjust the sensitivity of the mouse.

GAMMA CORRECTION (F11)
On some monitors, DOOM II may appear too dark. Press the 
function key, F11 to lighten the screen through five different 
brightness levels.

TIP: Save your game and save it often. When you die, you're back 
to the beginning of the level, toting that little pistol again. That ain't 
good, especially after you progress to some of the tougher levels.


ON-SCREEN INFORMATION

DOOM II provides on-screen information that's necessary to 
survive. 

THE STATUS BAR

1. MAIN AMMO: In big fat numbers, you see the number of shots 
you've got left in the weapon you're currently using.

2. HEALTH: You start out at 100%, but you won't stay there long. 
At 0% it's time to start over. Try a little harder next time!

3. ARMS: This list of numbers shows which weapons are available. 
If a number is highlighted, the weapon is accessible by pressing 
that number. ("1" is always available.)

4. YOUR MUG: This portrait isn't just for looks. When you're hit, 
your face looks in the direction from which the damage came, 
telling you which direction to return fire. Also, as you take damage 
you'll begin to look like raw hamburger - as shown to the left.

5. ARMOR: Your armor helps you out as long as it lasts. Keep an 
eye on it, because when it goes, you might, too.

6. KEY CARDS: You can see any keys you possess right here. 
There are three key colors; Yellow, Red, and Blue.

7. AMMO: This shows how much of each type of ammo you're 
carrying and the maximum amount you could carry - if you had it.

MESSAGES
Often you'll find yourself running over various items. DOOM II tells 
you what you're picking up by printing a message on the screen - 
unless messages are off. Pressing RETURN will display the last 
message.

THE AUTOMAP
To help you find your way around DOOM II, you're equipped with 
an automap device. By pressing the Tab key, you replace your 
normal view with a top-down map of everything you've seen up to 
date. The white arrow represents you, and points in the direction 
you're looking.You can zoom in and out by pressing "+" or "-." 
Press the number "0" to toggle between zoom and full view. To 
mark your location on the map press the "M" key. This will place a 
number over your location. To clear all the numbers from the map, 
press the "C" key.

MOVING IN THE AUTOMAP:
Using the arrow keys, you can move yourself, while viewing the 
Automap. This is dangerous, since you can't see the enemy while 
viewing the Automap. To scroll the Automap without moving 
yourself, turn off Follow mode. Pressing the "F" key will toggle 
Follow mode on and off. 


CONTROLLING THE ACTION
Most of the play commands in DOOM II are a simple keypress 
away. You can use either your keyboard, mouse, joystick, and 
combinations of both to move, pick up items, shoot, and open 
doors.

MOVING
At first, you might find yourself bumping into walls while demons 
beat on you. Once you've got movement down, everything else 
follows.

WALKING: Use the up and down arrow keys to walk forward and 
backward.

TURNING: The left and right arrow keys turn you left and right.

RUNNING: Hold down the right Shift key and the appropriate arrow 
key to speed yourself up.

STRAFE: By holding down the Alt key and the right or left arrow 
key, you can sidestep, rather than turn left or right. 

Note: Jumping is very important for successfully completing DOOM 
II. Though there is no Jump Key, you can leap from ledges by 
getting a running start. The faster you are moving the further you 
will go.

TIP: When travelling narrow passages many players have found it 
useful to examine the Automap in a magnified mode enabling them 
to see exactly where to step.

JOYSTICK OR MOUSE: If you are using a joystick, use button 1 
to shoot and button 2 to open doors and activate switches. Gravis 
PC Gamepads have a third and fourth button. These can be used 
as a Strafe and a Run button, respectively. If you are using a 
mouse, use button 1 to shoot and button 2 to walk forward. Double-click 
button 2 to open doors and activate switches. On a three-button 
mouse, use button 3 to strafe and double-click button 3 to use 
doors and switches.

PICKING UP STUFF
To pick up an object, just walk over it. You're smart, and know if 
you need to take it.

USING DOORS, SWITCHES & ELEVATORS
To open most doors and operate switches, stand directly in front of 
them and press the Spacebar. When you successfully operate a 
switch, it will change in some way (lights up, flips a handle, etc.) If 
a switch does not change after a couple of tries, it is probably 
assigned to do a task that cannot yet be accomplished.

LOCKED DOORS: Some doors have security locks, and require 
you to have a color coded (yellow, red, and blue) security card or 
skull key to open them. Other locked doors are operated by a 
switch on a nearby wall. Rather than walking up  to the door, you'll 
need to operate the switch.

HIDDEN DOORS: Some doors are hidden. Many of these can be 
opened by finding a switch. In some cases you just need to walk up 
to the wall and press the Spacebar. If you've found a secret door, it 
will open for you. There are clues that reveal a secret door - a wall 
that's shifted down or a different color, a flashing light on a wall, 
etc.

ELEVATORS: You'll see platforms that raise and lower. Some 
platforms operate continuously, while others must be activated. 
Some of them sense your proximity and lower automatically. 
Others have a nearby switch. Those without a switch can usually 
be operated by walking up to the platform and pressing the 
Spacebar.

TELEPORTERS: Teleporters can be identified by an evil symbol 
on the floor beneath them. To use a teleporter, walk over the 
symbol.

COMPLETING AN AREA
At the end of each area in DOOM II there is an exit chamber. Enter 
this chamber and press the switch inside to exit the area and head 
onward. When you finish an area, an Achievement Screen tallies 
your performance. Hidden regions located, ratio of kills, 
percentage of treasure found, your completion time, and a par 
completion time are all displayed.

ETERNAL LIFE AFTER DEATH
If you die, you restart the level at the beginning with a pistol and 
some bullets. You have no "lives" limit - you can keep restarting 
the level as often as you're killed. The entire level is restarted from 
scratch, too. Monsters you killed before are back again, just like 
you.


FIREPOWER AND HOW TO USE IT

WEAPONS: At first, you have only your pistol and your fists for 
protection. When you run over a new weapon, you'll automatically 
equip yourself with it. As the game progresses, you'll need to 
choose between firearms. The numeric keys select particular 
weapons (you cannot use the keypad keys for this selection). The 
weapons are:

1 = Fist/Chainsaw       2 = Pistol
Note: When you walk across the chainsaw it replaces your fist as 
the current weapon.     

3 = Shotguns/Combat Shotguns can deliver a heavy punch at close 
range and a generous pelting from a distance. 
Combat shotguns are double-barrelled, sawed-off killing sticks. 
These gats are the ultimate in pellet warfare. Beware, two barrels 
not only deliver more fire power, but takes more time to reload. 
*Pressing the "3" key will toggle between the Shotgun and the 
Combat Shotgun.

4 = Chainguns direct heavy firepower into your opponent, making 
him do the chaingun cha-cha.

5 = Rocket Launchers deliver an explosive rocket that can turn 
several baddies inside-out.

6 = Plasma Rifles shoot multiple rounds of plasma energy - frying 
some demon butt!

7 = BFG 9000s are the prize of the military's
arsenal. Great for clearing the room of those unwelcome guests. 
Shoot it and see for yourself.

FIRING: To use a weapon, point it towards the enemy and press 
the Ctrl key, or hold down the Ctrl key for rapid fire. If your shots hit 
a bad guy, you'll see splattering blood. Don't worry if the enemy is 
higher or lower than you. If you can see a monster, you can shoot 
it.
AMMO: Different weapons use different types of ammo. When you 
run over ammo DOOM II automatically loads the correct weapon.


Small Ammo      Large Ammo      Weapon
	Clip    Ammo Box        Pistol, Chaingun
	Shells  Box of Shells   Shotgun
	Rocket  Rocket Case     Rocket Launcher
	Cell    Bulk Cell       Plasma Rifle, BFG 9000

You have a maximum limit on the amount of ammo you can carry, 
too. These are listed on the right side of your status bar. Also, 
when you find a weapon that you already possess, don't scorn it! 
Picking it up also gives you ammo.

COMMANDS AND SHORTCUTS

Pause Key = Pause       Esc Key = Menu          Tab = Automap (on/off)
F1 = Help               F2 = Save               F3 = Load
F4 = Sound Volume       F5 = Graphic Detail     F6 = Quicksave
F7 = End Game           F8 = Toggle Messages    F9 = Quickload
F10 = Quit              F11 = Gamma Correction  - = Reduce View         
+ = Increase View

COMMANDS USED ONLY IN AUTOMAP
F = Follow mode (on/off)        M = Mark place  C = Clear Marks
+ = Zoom in     - = Zoom out    0 = Full map/Zoom

WEAPONS SELECTION
1 = Fist/Chainsaw       2 = Pistol      3 = Shotgun /Combat Shotgun
4 = Chaingun    5 = Rocket Launcher     6 = Plasma Rifle
7 = BFG 9000

MOVEMENT KEYS
Move Forward            Up Arrow, Mouse Button 2
Move Backward           Down Arrow
Turn Left               Left Arrow
Turn Right              Right Arrow
Run Forward             Shift + Up Arrow
Run Backward            Shift + Down Arrow
Fast Left Turn          Shift + Left Arrow
Fast Right Turn         Shift + Right Arrow
Strafe Left             Alt + Left Arrow
Strafe Right            Alt + Right Arrow

FIRING YOUR WEAPON      OPENING DOORS/FLIP SWITCHES
Ctrl Key                Space Bar
Mouse Button 1          Double-click Mouse Button 2
Joystick Button 1       Joystick Button 2
	Double-click Mouse Button 3

TIP: When you're comfortable playing the game, try using the 
keyboard and the mouse simultaneously. The mouse provides fine 
control for aiming your weapon (allowing you to smoothly rotate 
right and left) while the keyboard permits you to activate the many 
useful functions of the game.

DANGEROUS DOOM II ENVIRONMENT

Some parts of the DOOM II environment can be more dangerous 
than the monsters you'll face. Areas containing exploding barrels, 
radioactive waste, or crushing ceilings should be approached with 
caution.

EXPLODING BARRELS: Scattered around the base are drums 
containing fuel, toxic waste, or some other volatile substance. If 
your shots hit one of these barrels, 
it's kablooey time! It might take several bullets to set off 
a barrel, but a single blast of any of the other weapons usually 
does the trick.

SLIME AND OTHER RADIOACTIVE WASTE: Many of the areas in 
DOOM II contain pools of dangerous liquids that will damage you if 
you walk through them. There are several varieties of waste, each 
doing an increasing amount of damage. If it looks fluid, beware!

CRUSHING CEILINGS: Some of the ceilings in DOOM II can 
smash you, making you cry blood. Often you'll be able to see the 
ceiling moving before you go under it, but not always. Be careful 
and Save often!
      
TIP: Barrels can often be the most devastating weapon in your 
arsenal - delivering a body-blasting explosion to all nearby 
purgatory pedestrians. Wait until several evil guys get next to a 
barrel and blast away at the can, then watch `em all go boom!
HEALTH AND ARMOR

Even for a tough hombre like you, DOOM II can be a deadly place. 
Whenever you are injured, the screen will flash red, and your 
health will decrease. Keep an eye on your health or you'll end up 
face down.

HEALING: When you're hurt, you'll want to get your health back as 
soon as possible. Fortunately, Medikits and Stimpacks are 
frequently scattered around the base. Grab them if possible.

Stimpacks give you a quick injection of booster enzymes that make 
you feel like a new man - at least, to a degree.

Medikits are even better, and include bandages, 
antitoxins, and other medical supplies to make you feel 
a lot healthier. 
ARMOR: Two types of body armor can be found laying around. 
Both reduce damage done to you. Unfortunately, both deteriorate 
with use, and eventually are destroyed by enemy attacks, leaving 
you in need of replacement armor.

Security armor is a lightweight kevlar vest that's perfect for riot 
control.

Combat armor is a heavy duty jacket composed of a titanium 
derivative - useful for protection against real firepower, like the 
kind you're gonna face.

If you're wearing armor, you only pick up a replacement suit if it 
provides more protection than what you're now wearing.

POWER-UPS

Other bits of "challenging electronics" may be found in DOOM II. 
Most of these are pretty doggone handy, so grab them when able. 
These special items have a duration of either the entire level, a 
specific amount of time, or just provide an instant benefit. A few of 
them affect your game screen so you can tell when they are active. 
For example, when you pick up a radiation suit, the game screen 
turns green. As the suit deteriorates the screen will flash. This is a 
hint to get out of the radioactive ooze now!

Radiation Suits provide protection against radioactivity, heat and 
other low-intensity forms of energy. Basically, these suits enable 
you to wade through the radioactive ooze without taking damage. 
While a suit holds out, your screen will have a greenish tint.
Duration: Time Based

Berserk Packs heal you, plus act as a super-adrenaline rush, 
enormously boosting your muscle power. Since you're already a 
pretty meaty guy, this enhanced strength lets you tear ordinary 
dolts limb from limb, and you can even splatter those demons 
without too much trouble. However, you've got to use your Fist 
attack to get the benefit of the Berserk attack bonus. When you 
become Berserk, your screen will briefly turn red.
Duration: One Level

Backpacks increase the amount of ammo you can carry. In 
addition, whenever you find a backpack, you receive extra 
ammunition.

Computer Maps are a handy find, updating your Automap with a 
complete map to the entire area, including all secret or hidden 
areas. Areas you haven't been to are mapped in grey.
Duration: One Level

Light Amplification Visors allow you to see clearly even in pitch 
dark.
Duration: Time Based

ARTIFACTS

A few artifacts from the other dimension are now laying around and 
you may want them, too.

Health Potions provide a small boost to your health - 
even past your normal 100%!

Spiritual Armor provides a little extra protection above and beyond 
your normal armor.

Soul Spheres are rarely encountered objects that provide a large 
boost to your health. A close encounter with one of these and you'll 
feel healthier than ever!

Mega Spheres combine the power of combat armor with the 
benefits of a Soul Sphere. 



Blur Artifacts are strange orbs that make it difficult for others to 
spot you. The enemy can still see you, but most of their attacks will 
be less than accurate.
Duration: Time Based

Invulnerability Artifacts render you immune to all damage. Pretty 
cool, until the effect wears off. When you're invulnerable your 
screen will be white your punishment for being tough.
Duration: Time Based

TIP: Create dissension among demons by maneuvering them into a 
crossfire. If a bad guy is hit by another demon, he'll turn his rage 
towards the poor jerk with the pitiful aim. If this happens, let 'em at 
each other - it's always best to let the bad guys do the work for 
you. (This isn't effective with projectiles fired between demons of 
the same form.)

THE ENEMY

From the very first moment you enter the door, till the last gunshot 
of the game, you'll be fighting a host of baddies. Some are just 
regular guys with a bad attitude, others are straight from Hell. 
Some of the monsters you'll face aren't shown here. Don't say we 
didn't warn you.

Former Humans: Just a few days ago, you were probably swapping 
war stories with one of these guys. Now it's time to swap some lead 
upside their head.

Former Human Sergeants: Same as above, but much meaner, and 
tougher. These walking shotguns provide 
you with a few extra holes if you're not careful!

Former Commando: Geeze, weren't shotgun zombies bad enough? 
At least when you fade these jerks you get a cool chaingun.

Imps: You thought an imp was a cute little dude in a red suit with a 
pitchfork. Where did these brown bastards come from? They heave 
balls o' fire down your throat and take several bullets to die. It's 
time to find a weapon better than that pistol if you're going to face 
more than one of these S.O.B.s.
Demons: Sorta like a shaved gorilla, except with horns, a big head, 
lots of teeth, and harder to kill. Don't get too close or they'll rip your 
fraggin' head off.


Spectres: Great. Just what you needed. An invisible (nearly) 
monster.


Lost Souls: Dumb. Tough. Flies. On fire. 'Nuff said.


Cacodemons: They float in the air, belch ball-lightning, and boast 
one Hell of a big mouth. You're toast if you get too close to these 
monstrosities.


Hell Knight: Tough as a dump truck and nearly as big, these 
goliaths are the worst things on two legs since Tyrannosaurus rex. 


Barons of Hell: The Hell Knight was bad news, but this is Big 
Daddy. These bruisers are a lot like Hell Knights, but look a little 
different and are twice as tough to kill.



Arachnotron: Maybe cybernetics wasn't such a great idea after all. 
Look what the demons have done with it. It seems unfair somehow 
you're not the only guy in Hell with a plasma gun. 


Pain Elemental: What a name. And what a guy. Killing him is 
almost as bad as letting him live. 


Revenant: Apparently when a demon dies, they pick him up, dust 
him off,  wire him some combat gear, and send him back into 
battle. No rest for the wicked, eh? You wish your missiles did what 
his can do. 


Mancubus: The only good thing about fatso is that he's a nice wide 
target. Good thing, because it takes a lot of hits to puncture him. 
He pumps out fireballs like there was no tomorrow. 

Arch-Vile: One of the worst of a bad lot. You can't think of enough 
rotten things to say about him. He's fast, hard to kill, casts spells, 
and resurrects dead monsters! At least these suckers are rare. 


The Spider Mastermind: You guess the Arachnotrons had to come 
from somewhere. Hi, mom. She doesn't have a plasma gun, so 
thank heaven for small favors. Instead, she has a super-chaingun. 
Crap. 

The Cyberdemon: A missile-launching 
skyscraper with goat legs. `Nuff said.

FREE!!!! 


Original DOOM, The First Episode

Get the first episode of the original DOOM (shareware) Knee Deep 
in the Dead, FREE. This is the game that started the DOOM craze! 
Nine full levels of mutant-laden and  blood-spattered action. Be the 
last Space marine and defend against fearsome beasts still 
drenched in the blood of your comrades. Lose yourself in a vivid 
virtual world so real you'll swear the bullets are streaking past your 
face.

One free DOOM per customer, please. 
Each additional DOOM, only $5.95

	DGI-1   DOOM    FREE
	DGI-2   ADDITIONAL DOOM'S       $5.95



DOOM II Survival Guide


Welcome to Hell. There you are, endlessly wading around in toxic 
cesspools, bumping blindly into blistering hot walls, and getting 
roasted alive by fireball throwing demons. It's as if the entire 
underworld is out to  get you. But don't despair, help is on the way. 
It's called the DOOM II Survival Guide. Inside you'll find:
	ù The DOOM II maps
	ù The fastest path to finish each level
	ù Quick-start survival tips
	ù And much more!

 - Don't just fight fire with fire - 
use your head instead. 
Get the DOOM II Survival Guide.

	DBI-1  DOOM II Survival Guide 
was $12.95, now only $10.95
GET IT HERE!


The following items are offered exclusively to 
 - our DOOM II customers, so hurry and order today - 
before the world ends!

	OFFICIAL DOOM II 
TEE SHIRT
	Not Available in Stores!
	Don't leave DOOM without it! This 100% cotton shirt 
features the 
colorful DOOM II logo on the front. The perfect uniform when you 
are DOOMING! White, one size fits all. Limited quantities.
	DSI-1   DOOM II Tee Shirt       $14.95


DOOM II OFFICIAL PLAYERS CAP
Not Available in Stores!
DOOMERS will love this black cap with the DOOM II logo brilliantly 
screened onto it. Sturdy, it will stay on your head through marathon 
DOOM II sessions. Wear it with pride. One size fits all. Looks even 
better with the shirt! Limited quantities.
DCI-1   DOOM II Cap     $10.95
DSCI-1  SPECIAL! T-Shirt and Cap        $24.95


ID SOFTWARE IS - 

BIZ
Jay Wilbur

SOFTWARE ENGINEERS
John Carmack     John Romero     Dave Taylor

ARTISTS
Adrian Carmack     Kevin Cloud

DESIGNER
Sandy Petersen

DESIGN AND TECHNICAL SUPPORT
Shawn Green     American McGee

BIZ ASSISTANT
Donna Jackson


SPECIAL THANKS TO

Music and Sound Effects
Robert Prince

Model Development
Gregor Punchatz

Sound Driver
Paul Radek

Cover Illustration
Gerald Brom

and to GT Interactive Software
Installation and Manual batch utilities written by
Chaka Puplampu

Copyright c 1994 by id Software, Inc.
DOOM, DOOM II, the DOOM II logo and the DOOM II likeness are 
trademarks of id Software Inc. 
All rights reserved. Developed by id Software Inc. Distributed by 
GT Interactive Software.
Copyright (C) 1994 GT Interactive Software. All rights reserved.

Copyright (C) 1996 GT Interactive Software. All rights reserved.

IBM is a registered trademark of International Business Machines, 
Inc. Sound Blaster is a
registered trademark of Creative Labs, Inc. AdLib is a registered 
trademark of AdLib Inc.
Gravis PC Gamepad is a registered trademark of Gravis, Inc.
